Update docs and fix markdown lint issues (#69)
ba-st/Buoy: docs/Math.md

## Percentages

 A percentage is a number or ratio expressed as a fraction of 100. A percentage
  is a dimensionless number. This project includes a proper abstraction: `Percentage`.

 The easier way to create a percentage is to send the message `percent` to a
 number. For example `5 percent` will create an object representing `5%`.

>   There's two common cases also covered as instance creation methods (`0%` and `100%`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  There are two common cases also covered as instance creation methods (`0%` and `100%`):
```

Percentage ratio: 1/2 "50%"
```

This percentages can be operated arithmetically with any number or other
 percentages. Try printing the following expressions:

```smalltalk
20 percent * 5. "1"
10 percent + 105 percent. "115%"
10 percent + 15.0 "15.1"
```

Percent changes applied sequentially do not add up in the usual way. For
example, if we apply a 10% increase to a value (200), it will raise it to 220.
If we apply later a 10% decrease to it (a decrease of 22), the final value will
be 198, not the original 200. The reason for the apparent discrepancy is that
the two percent changes (+10% and −10%) are measured relative to different
quantities (200 and 220, respectively), and thus do not "cancel out". This can
be handled easily:

```smalltalk
(200 increasedBy: 10 percent) decreasedBy: 10 percent "198"
```

## Per Mille

> It's similar to a percentage but expressed as a fraction of 1000. The easier way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is similar to a percentage but expressed as a fraction of 1000. The easier way
```
